Doc 438 - Add docs for mc support (#478)
minio/docs: source/support/decoding-metadata.rst

=================
Decoding Metadata
=================

.. default-domain:: minio

.. contents:: Table of Contents
   :local:
   :depth: 1

Metadata
--------

> MinIO stores object metadata for erasure coded objects in ``xl.meta`` files.
> 
> Each disk in the set containing the object has this file.
> The file is a binary format, requiring a tool to view the values.

Reviewer: I think we can squish this together slightly.

```suggestion
MinIO stores object metadata for erasure coded objects in ``xl.meta`` files distributed across each disk in the erasure set containing the object. 
The file contains binary data that requires a tool for conversion to human-readable values.
```

> You can download the metadata for one or more objects with the MinIO Console's Support > Inspect tool or using :mc-cmd:`mc support inspect` at the command line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can download the metadata for one or more objects with the :guilabel:`MinIO Console's Support > Inspect` tool or using :mc-cmd:`mc support inspect` at the command line.
```

I should probably add labels to the Console page so we can link to these sections as they exist (if such a label does not yet exist)

.. _minio-xl-meta-decode-tool:

xl-meta Decode Tool
-------------------

MinIO provides xl-meta tool to decode the contents of an ``xl.meta`` file to a JSON format.

Install xl-meta Decode Tool
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The xl.meta Decode Tool requites Go. To install Go, `download <https://golang.org/dl/>`_ the package for your operating system.

With Go installed, run the following command:

.. code-block:: shell
   :class: copyable

   go install github.com/minio/minio/docs/debugging/xl-meta@latest

> Using xl-meta

Reviewer: Should this be an H1? It's associated to the Decode tool -  I think you can drop this and go straight to the next subheader.

-------------

Locate ``xl.meta`` Files and Decode to JSON
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Executing ``xl-meta`` looks for an ``xl.meta`` file in the current folder.
If found, **xl-meta** decodes the file to JSON. 

.. code-block:: shell
   :class: copyable

>    xl-meta

Reviewer: Maybe we can include an example using `mc support inspect play/file` and then `xl-meta file/xl.meta` or whatever the output would be.
